Hi, my name is Agustin Quindimil. I’m a junior game developer from Argentina, focused on C# programming in Unity.
I’ve worked on several projects, including a 3D stealth and parkour game, a mobile fighting game,
and a stock management app using Python and SQL. These helped me build experience with gameplay programming, AI, and backend logic.
Right now, I’m working on my thesis with a group from my university.
We're developing a realistic adventure game with Souls-like elements.
I’m contributing to both the gameplay systems and overall design.
At the same time, I’m taking a Front-End Development course with JavaScript through a government program,
and I recently paused a Cybersecurity course to focus fully on finishing my degree.
I’m fluent in English and a native Spanish speaker.
I love combining creativity with code and I’m always open to opportunities where I can grow and bring value to a development team.